                                                 
                                                   ASSIGNMENTS/EXPERIMENTS

1.EC Exeperiment
  
  Experiment No.:- 9
  
          Topic:- Objectives of the experiment, Zener voltage regulator circuit and its working, 
                  Range of source resistor (R_S) for a given load resistor (R_L), Range of load resistor (R_L) for a given source resistor (R_S),
                  Voltage regulation, A brief and generalized procedure for performing the experiment, 
                  Simulation results, Observations and Conclusions, Quiz performance.
  
  
  Experiment No.:- 10.
  
          Topic:- Objectives of the experiment, Ideal and practical characteristics of Op-Amp, 
                  Inverting and Non-inverting Op-Amp circuits and their working, Mathematical expressions (Close-loop gain, Input resistance with feedback,
                  Output resistance with feedback, Bandwidth with feedback, etc.), 
                  A brief and generalized procedure for performing the experiment, Simulation results, Observations and Conclusion.
  

  Experiment No.:- 11. 
   
          Topic:-Objectives of the experiment, Op-Amp integrator/differentiator circuits and their working, Mathematical expressions for output voltage,
                 A brief and generalized procedure for performing the experiment, Simulation results, Observations and Conclusions.

  Deadline:- Monday, 8th March 2021 is the HARD deadline of all Experiment 9,10,11 (12pm).

2.EC Assignment 
  
  Assignment No.:- 4.

          Topic:-Saturation mode, Active mode, Cut-off mode, Base bias, Emitter bias, Voltage divider bias,
                 Emitter feedback bias, Collector feedback bias, Collector-Emitter feedback bias,etc.

  Deadline:- Thursday, 11th March 2021 is the HARD deadline(12pm).
  
  Assignment No.:- 5.

           Topic:-Inverting, Non-inverting, Feedback, Datasheet, etc.

  Deadline:- Friday, 19th March 2021 is the HARD deadline(12pm).


3.PH Laboratory

  Laboratory 6

            Topic:-Determination of Stefan- Boltzmann constant σ .
  
  Laboratory 7

            Topic:-Describe the behavior of a wave function in the presence of a detector, and explain how putting a detector over a slit destroys the interference pattern.
                   Determine how the interference pattern will change if you change the mass, speed, or wavelength.

  Laboratory 8

            Topic:-Recognize that electrons are reflected from a lattice mostly at certain angles due to wave interference. 
                   Observe the intensity pattern by tuning the velocity,atom separation and atomic radius in the simulation.

  Laboratory 9
  
            Topic:-Recognize how the probability of reflection and transmission of a wave are related to the energy of the wave,
                   the energy of the barrier, and the width of the barrier.
  
  Deadline:-Sunday, 14th March 2021 is the Hard deadline of All Laboratory 6,7,8,9 (12pm).

4.HS Final Assesment

   Topic:-Truth, truth.
           Like a blanket that always leaves your feet cold.
           You push it, stretch it, but it’ll never be enough.
           You kick at it, beat it, it’ll never cover any of us.
           From the moment we enter crying,
           to the moment we leave dying,
           it’ll just cover your face,
           as you wail and cry and scream.

          -Todd Anderson (Dead Poets Society)

           Write your views on National Education Policy, 2020.

   Deadline:-15.03.2021 (8 PM)
  
 
  
